tipc: phase out most of the struct print_buf usage

The tipc_printf is renamed to tipc_snprintf, as the new name
describes more what the function actually does.  It is also
changed to take a buffer and length parameter and return
number of characters written to the buffer.  All callers of
this function that used to pass a print_buf are updated.

Final removal of the struct print_buf itself will be done
synchronously with the pending removal of the deprecated
logging code that also was using it.

Functions that build up a response message with a list of
ports, nametable contents etc. are changed to return the number
of characters written to the output buffer. This information
was previously hidden in a field of the print_buf struct, and
the number of chars written was fetched with a call to
tipc_printbuf_validate.  This function is removed since it
is no longer referenced nor needed.

A generic max size ULTRA_STRING_MAX_LEN is defined, named
in keeping with the existing TIPC_TLV_ULTRA_STRING, and the
various definitions in port, link and nametable code that
largely duplicated this information are removed.  This means
that amount of link statistics that can be returned is now
increased from 2k to 32k.

The buffer overflow check is now done just before the reply
message is passed over netlink or TIPC to a remote node and
the message indicating a truncated buffer is changed to a less
dramatic one (less CAPS), placed at the end of the message.

Signed-off-by: Erik Hugne <erik.hugne@ericsson.com>
Signed-off-by: Jon Maloy <jon.maloy@ericsson.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul Gortmaker <paul.gortmaker@windriver.com>

