mm/damon/schemes: account scheme actions that successfully applied

Patch series "mm/damon/schemes: Extend stats for better online analysis and tuning".

To help online access pattern analysis and tuning of DAMON-based
Operation Schemes (DAMOS), DAMOS provides simple statistics for each
scheme.  Introduction of DAMOS time/space quota further made the tuning
easier by making the risk management easier.  However, that also made
understanding of the working schemes a little bit more difficult.

For an example, progress of a given scheme can now be throttled by not
only the aggressiveness of the target access pattern, but also the
time/space quotas.  So, when a scheme is showing unexpectedly slow
progress, it's difficult to know by what the progress of the scheme is
throttled, with currently provided statistics.

This patchset extends the statistics to contain some metrics that can be
helpful for such online schemes analysis and tuning (patches 1-2),
exports those to users (patches 3 and 5), and add documents (patches 4
and 6).

This patch (of 6):

DAMON-based operation schemes (DAMOS) stats provide only the number and
the amount of regions that the action of the scheme has tried to be
applied.  Because the action could be failed for some reasons, the
currently provided information is sometimes not useful or convenient
enough for schemes profiling and tuning.  To improve this situation,
this commit extends the DAMOS stats to provide the number and the amount
of regions that the action has successfully applied.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20211210150016.35349-1-sj@kernel.org
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20211210150016.35349-2-sj@kernel.org
Signed-off-by: SeongJae Park <sj@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

