staging: lustre: fix sparse warnings "Using plain integer as NULL pointer"

fixes all sparse warnings "Using plain integer as NULL pointer"
in drivers/staging/lustre

drivers/staging/lustre/lnet/lnet/api-ni.c:1665:32: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lnet/lnet/api-ni.c:1773:35: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/fld/fld_request.c:171:17: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/llite/llite_lib.c:155:30: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/llite/lproc_llite.c:846:11: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/lov/lov_obd.c:902:48: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/lov/lov_obd.c:946:54: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/lov/lov_obd.c:2819:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/lov/lov_dev.c:456:66: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/mdc_request.c:2426:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/mdc_request.c:2569:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/mdc_request.c:2740:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:175:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:176:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:177:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:178:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:179:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:180:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:181:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:182:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:183:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:185:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:186:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:193:66: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:194:63: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:195:56: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:196:51: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:197:50: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:198:48: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:199:57: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:200:11: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:206:48: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mdc/lproc_mdc.c:207:11: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/mgc/mgc_request.c:199:9: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/obdclass/linux/linux-module.c:331:11: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/obdclass/obd_config.c:1164:53: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/obdclass/obd_config.c:1306:71: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/obdclass/llog_test.c:943:62: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/obdclass/llog_test.c:944:65: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/obdecho/echo_client.c:3116:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/osc/osc_request.c:3424:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/osc/osc_request.c:3548:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer
drivers/staging/lustre/lustre/osc/osc_request.c:3615:46: warning: Using plain integer as NULL pointer

Signed-off-by: Radek Dostal <rd@radekdostal.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

