xfs: push the AIL in xlog_grant_head_wake

In the situation where the log is full and the CIL has not recently
flushed, the AIL push threshold is throttled back to the where the
last write of the head of the log was completed. This is stored in
log->l_last_sync_lsn. Hence if the CIL holds > 25% of the log space
pinned by flushes and/or aggregation in progress, we can get the
situation where the head of the log lags a long way behind the
reservation grant head.

When this happens, the AIL push target is trimmed back from where
the reservation grant head wants to push the log tail to, back to
where the head of the log currently is. This means the push target
doesn't reach far enough into the log to actually move the tail
before the transaction reservation goes to sleep.

When the CIL push completes, it moves the log head forward such that
the AIL push target can now be moved, but that has no mechanism for
puhsing the log tail. Further, if the next tail movement of the log
is not large enough wake the waiter (i.e. still not enough space for
it to have a reservation granted), we don't wake anything up, and
hence we do not update the AIL push target to take into account the
head of the log moving and allowing the push target to be moved
forwards.

To avoid this particular condition, if we fail to wake the first
waiter on the grant head because we don't have enough space,
push on the AIL again. This will pick up any movement of the log
head and allow the push target to move forward due to completion of
CIL pushing.

Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>
Signed-off-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>

