powerpc/64s: Use early_mmu_has_feature() in set_kuap()

When implementing the KUAP support on Radix we fixed one case where
mmu_has_feature() was being called too early in boot via
__put_user_size().

However since then some new code in linux-next has created a new path
via which we can end up calling mmu_has_feature() too early.

On P9 this leads to crashes early in boot if we have both PPC_KUAP and
CONFIG_JUMP_LABEL_FEATURE_CHECK_DEBUG enabled. Our early boot code
calls printk() which calls probe_kernel_read(), that does a
__copy_from_user_inatomic() which calls into set_kuap() and that uses
mmu_has_feature().

At that point in boot we haven't patched MMU features yet so the debug
code in mmu_has_feature() complains, and calls printk(). At that point
we recurse, eg:

  ...
  dump_stack+0xdc
  probe_kernel_read+0x1a4
  check_pointer+0x58
  ...
  printk+0x40
  dump_stack_print_info+0xbc
  dump_stack+0x8
  probe_kernel_read+0x1a4
  probe_kernel_read+0x19c
  check_pointer+0x58
  ...
  printk+0x40
  cpufeatures_process_feature+0xc8
  scan_cpufeatures_subnodes+0x380
  of_scan_flat_dt_subnodes+0xb4
  dt_cpu_ftrs_scan_callback+0x158
  of_scan_flat_dt+0xf0
  dt_cpu_ftrs_scan+0x3c
  early_init_devtree+0x360
  early_setup+0x9c

And so on for infinity, symptom is a dead system.

Even more fun is what happens when using the hash MMU (ie. p8 or p9
with Radix disabled), and when we don't have
CONFIG_JUMP_LABEL_FEATURE_CHECK_DEBUG enabled. With the debug disabled
we don't check if static keys have been initialised, we just rely on
the jump label. But the jump label defaults to true so we just whack
the AMR even though Radix is not enabled.

Clearing the AMR is fine, but after we've done the user copy we write
(0b11 << 62) into AMR. When using hash that makes all pages with key
zero no longer readable or writable. All kernel pages implicitly have
key zero, and so all of a sudden the kernel can't read or write any of
its memory. Again dead system.

In the medium term we have several options for fixing this.
probe_kernel_read() doesn't need to touch AMR at all, it's not doing a
user access after all, but it uses __copy_from_user_inatomic() just
because it's easy, we could fix that.

It would also be safe to default to not writing to the AMR during
early boot, until we've detected features. But it's not clear that
flipping all the MMU features to static_key_false won't introduce
other bugs.

But for now just switch to early_mmu_has_feature() in set_kuap(), that
avoids all the problems with jump labels. It adds the overhead of a
global lookup and test, but that's probably trivial compared to the
writes to the AMR anyway.

Fixes: 890274c2dc4c ("powerpc/64s: Implement KUAP for Radix MMU")
Signed-off-by: Michael Ellerman <mpe@ellerman.id.au>
Reviewed-by: Russell Currey <ruscur@russell.cc>

