ice: replace custom AIM algorithm with kernel's DIM library

The ice driver has support for adaptive interrupt moderation, an
algorithm for tuning the interrupt rate dynamically. This algorithm
is based on various assumptions about ring size, socket buffer size,
link speed, SKB overhead, ethernet frame overhead and more.

The Linux kernel has support for a dynamic interrupt moderation
algorithm known as "dimlib". Replace the custom driver-specific
implementation of dynamic interrupt moderation with the kernel's
algorithm.

The Intel hardware has a different hardware implementation than the
originators of the dimlib code had to work with, which requires the
driver to use a slightly different set of inputs for the actual
moderation values, while getting all the advice from dimlib of
better/worse, shift left or right.

The change made for this implementation is to use a pair of values
for each of the 5 "slots" that the dimlib moderation expects, and
the driver will program those pairs when dimlib recommends a slot to
use. The currently implementation uses two tables, one for receive
and one for transmit, and the pairs of values in each slot set the
maximum delay of an interrupt and a maximum number of interrupts per
second (both expressed in microseconds).

There are two separate kinds of bugs fixed by using DIMLIB, one is
UDP single stream send was too slow, and the other is that 8K
ping-pong was going to the most aggressive moderation and has much
too high latency.

The overall result of using DIMLIB is that we meet or exceed our
performance expectations set based on the old algorithm.

Co-developed-by: Jesse Brandeburg <jesse.brandeburg@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Jesse Brandeburg <jesse.brandeburg@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Jacob Keller <jacob.e.keller@intel.com>
Tested-by: Tony Brelinski <tonyx.brelinski@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Tony Nguyen <anthony.l.nguyen@intel.com>

