PM / Domains: Rework system suspend callback routines (v2)

The current generic PM domains code attempts to use the generic
system suspend operations along with the domains' device stop/start
routines, which requires device drivers to assume that their
system suspend/resume (and hibernation/restore) callbacks will always
be used with generic PM domains.  However, in theory, the same
hardware may be used in devices that don't belong to any PM domain,
in which case it would be necessary to add "fake" PM domains to
satisfy the above assumption.  Also, the domain the hardware belongs
to may not be handled with the help of the generic code.

To allow device drivers that may be used along with the generic PM
domains code of more flexibility, add new device callbacks,
.suspend(), .suspend_late(), .resume_early(), .resume(), .freeze(),
.freeze_late(), .thaw_early(), and .thaw(), that can be supplied by
the drivers in addition to their "standard" system suspend and
hibernation callbacks.  These new callbacks, if defined, will be used
by the generic PM domains code for the handling of system suspend and
hibernation instead of the "standard" ones.  This will allow drivers
to be designed to work with generic PM domains as well as without
them.

For backwards compatibility, introduce default implementations of the
new callbacks for PM domains that will execute pm_generic_suspend(),
pm_generic_suspend_noirq(), pm_generic_resume_noirq(),
pm_generic_resume(), pm_generic_freeze(), pm_generic_freeze_noirq(),
pm_generic_thaw_noirq(), and pm_generic_thaw(), respectively, for the
given device if its driver doesn't define those callbacks.

Signed-off-by: Rafael J. Wysocki <rjw@sisk.pl>

