[SCSI] scsi_pm: Fix bug in the SCSI power management handler

This patch (as1520) fixes a bug in the SCSI layer's power management
implementation.

LUN scanning can be carried out asynchronously in do_scan_async(), and
sd uses an asynchronous thread for the time-consuming parts of disk
probing in sd_probe_async().  Currently nothing coordinates these
async threads with system sleep transitions; they can and do attempt
to continue scanning/probing SCSI devices even after the host adapter
has been suspended.  As one might expect, the outcome is not ideal.

This is what the "prepare" stage of system suspend was created for.
After the prepare callback has been called for a host, target, or
device, drivers are not allowed to register any children underneath
them.  Currently the SCSI prepare callback is not implemented; this
patch rectifies that omission.

For SCSI hosts, the prepare routine calls scsi_complete_async_scans()
to wait until async scanning is finished.  It might be slightly more
efficient to wait only until the host in question has been scanned,
but there's currently no way to do that.  Besides, during a sleep
transition we will ultimately have to wait until all the host scanning
has finished anyway.

For SCSI devices, the prepare routine calls async_synchronize_full()
to wait until sd probing is finished.  The routine does nothing for
SCSI targets, because asynchronous target scanning is done only as
part of host scanning.

Signed-off-by: Alan Stern <stern@rowland.harvard.edu>
CC: <stable@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: James Bottomley <JBottomley@Parallels.com>

