of/address: sparse fixes

drivers/of/address.c:66:29: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:66:29:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *cell
drivers/of/address.c:66:29:    got unsigned int [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:87:32: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:87:32:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *cell
drivers/of/address.c:87:32:    got unsigned int [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:91:30: warning: incorrect type in assignment (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:91:30:    expected unsigned int [unsigned] [usertype] <noident>
drivers/of/address.c:91:30:    got restricted __be32 [usertype] <noident>
drivers/of/address.c:92:22: warning: incorrect type in assignment (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:92:22:    expected unsigned int [unsigned] [usertype] <noident>
drivers/of/address.c:92:22:    got restricted __be32 [usertype] <noident>
drivers/of/address.c:147:35: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:147:35:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:147:35:    got unsigned int [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:157:34: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:157:34:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *cell
drivers/of/address.c:157:34:    got unsigned int [usertype] *
drivers/of/address.c:256:29: warning: restricted __be32 degrades to integer
drivers/of/address.c:256:36: warning: restricted __be32 degrades to integer
drivers/of/address.c:262:34: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:262:34:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *cell
drivers/of/address.c:262:34:    got unsigned int [usertype] *
drivers/of/address.c:372:41: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:372:41:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *cell
drivers/of/address.c:372:41:    got unsigned int [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:395:53: warning: incorrect type in argument 2 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:395:53:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:395:53:    got unsigned int [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:443:50: warning: incorrect type in argument 2 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:443:50:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:443:50:    got unsigned int *<noident>
drivers/of/address.c:455:49: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:455:49:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *cell
drivers/of/address.c:455:49:    got unsigned int *<noident>
drivers/of/address.c:480:60: warning: incorrect type in argument 2 (different base types)
drivers/of/address.c:480:60:    expected restricted __be32 const [usertype] *addr
drivers/of/address.c:480:60:    got unsigned int *<noident>
drivers/of/address.c:412:5: warning: symbol '__of_translate_address' was not declared. Should it be static?
drivers/of/address.c:520:14: error: symbol 'of_get_address' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/of_address.h:22) - different base types

Signed-off-by: Kim Phillips <kim.phillips@freescale.com>
Signed-off-by: Rob Herring <rob.herring@calxeda.com>

