workqueue: disable irq while manipulating PENDING

Queueing operations use WORK_STRUCT_PENDING_BIT to synchronize access
to the target work item.  They first try to claim the bit and proceed
with queueing only after that succeeds and there's a window between
PENDING being set and the actual queueing where the task can be
interrupted or preempted.

There's also a similar window in process_one_work() when clearing
PENDING.  A work item is dequeued, gcwq->lock is released and then
PENDING is cleared and the worker might get interrupted or preempted
between releasing gcwq->lock and clearing PENDING.

cancel[_delayed]_work_sync() tries to claim or steal PENDING.  The
function assumes that a work item with PENDING is either queued or in
the process of being [de]queued.  In the latter case, it busy-loops
until either the work item loses PENDING or is queued.  If canceling
coincides with the above described interrupts or preemptions, the
canceling task will busy-loop while the queueing or executing task is
preempted.

This patch keeps irq disabled across claiming PENDING and actual
queueing and moves PENDING clearing in process_one_work() inside
gcwq->lock so that busy looping from PENDING && !queued doesn't wait
for interrupted/preempted tasks.  Note that, in process_one_work(),
setting last CPU and clearing PENDING got merged into single
operation.

This removes possible long busy-loops and will allow using
try_to_grab_pending() from bh and irq contexts.

v2: __queue_work() was testing preempt_count() to ensure that the
    caller has disabled preemption.  This triggers spuriously if
    !CONFIG_PREEMPT_COUNT.  Use preemptible() instead.  Reported by
    Fengguang Wu.

v3: Disable irq instead of preemption.  IRQ will be disabled while
    grabbing gcwq->lock later anyway and this allows using
    try_to_grab_pending() from bh and irq contexts.

Signed-off-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Fengguang Wu <fengguang.wu@intel.com>

