[SCSI] zfcp: only access zfcp_scsi_dev for valid scsi_device

__scsi_remove_device (e.g. due to dev_loss_tmo) calls
zfcp_scsi_slave_destroy which in turn sends a close LUN FSF request to
the adapter. After 30 seconds without response,
zfcp_erp_timeout_handler kicks the ERP thread failing the close LUN
ERP action. zfcp_erp_wait in zfcp_erp_lun_shutdown_wait and thus
zfcp_scsi_slave_destroy returns and then scsi_device is no longer
valid. Sometime later the response to the close LUN FSF request may
finally come in. However, commit
b62a8d9b45b971a67a0f8413338c230e3117dff5
"[SCSI] zfcp: Use SCSI device data zfcp_scsi_dev instead of zfcp_unit"
introduced a number of attempts to unconditionally access struct
zfcp_scsi_dev through struct scsi_device causing a use-after-free.
This leads to an Oops due to kernel page fault in one of:
zfcp_fsf_abort_fcp_command_handler, zfcp_fsf_open_lun_handler,
zfcp_fsf_close_lun_handler, zfcp_fsf_req_trace,
zfcp_fsf_fcp_handler_common.
Move dereferencing of zfcp private data zfcp_scsi_dev allocated in
scsi_device via scsi_transport_reserve_device after the check for
potentially aborted FSF request and thus no longer valid scsi_device.
Only then assign sdev_to_zfcp(sdev) to the local auto variable struct
zfcp_scsi_dev *zfcp_sdev.

Signed-off-by: Martin Peschke <mpeschke@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Steffen Maier <maier@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: <stable@vger.kernel.org> #2.6.37+
Signed-off-by: James Bottomley <JBottomley@Parallels.com>

