Revert "bus: mvebu-mbus: make sure SDRAM CS for DMA don't overlap the MBus bridge window"

This reverts commit 1737cac69369 ("bus: mvebu-mbus: make sure SDRAM CS
for DMA don't overlap the MBus bridge window"), because it breaks DMA
on platforms having more than 2 GB of RAM.

This commit changed the information reported to DMA masters device
drivers through the mv_mbus_dram_info() function so that the returned
DRAM ranges do not overlap with I/O windows.

This was necessary as a preparation to support the new CESA Crypto
Engine driver, which will use DMA for cryptographic operations. But
since it does DMA with the SRAM which is mapped as an I/O window,
having DRAM ranges overlapping with I/O windows was problematic.

To solve this, the above mentioned commit changed the mvebu-mbus to
adjust the DRAM ranges so that they don't overlap with the I/O
windows. However, by doing this, we re-adjust the DRAM ranges in a way
that makes them have a size that is no longer a power of two. While
this is perfectly fine for the Crypto Engine, which supports DRAM
ranges with a granularity of 64 KB, it breaks basically all other DMA
masters, which expect power of two sizes for the DRAM ranges.

Due to this, if the installed system memory is 4 GB, in two
chip-selects of 2 GB, the second DRAM range will be reduced from 2 GB
to a little bit less than 2 GB to not overlap with the I/O windows, in
a way that results in a DRAM range that doesn't have a power of two
size. This means that whenever you do a DMA transfer with an address
located in the [ 2 GB ; 4 GB ] area, it will freeze the system. Any
serious DMA activity like simply running:

  for i in $(seq 1 64) ; do dd if=/dev/urandom of=file$i bs=1M count=16 ; done

in an ext3 partition mounted over a SATA drive will freeze the system.

Since the new CESA crypto driver that uses DMA has not been merged
yet, the easiest fix is to simply revert this commit. A follow-up
commit will introduce a different solution for the CESA crypto driver.

Signed-off-by: Thomas Petazzoni <thomas.petazzoni@free-electrons.com>
Fixes: 1737cac69369 ("bus: mvebu-mbus: make sure SDRAM CS for DMA don't overlap the MBus bridge window")
Cc: <stable@vger.kernel.org> # v4.0+
Signed-off-by: Gregory CLEMENT <gregory.clement@free-electrons.com>

