ARM: OMAP: dmtimer: Include linux/module.h

Include linux/module.h to fix below build error:

  CC      arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.o
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:184: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:184: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:184: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:215: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:215: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:215: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:228: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:228: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:228: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:234: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:234: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:234: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:240: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:240: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:240: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:248: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:248: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:248: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:294: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:294: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:294: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:302: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:302: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:302: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:316: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:316: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:316: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:344: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:344: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:344: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:361: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:361: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:361: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:380: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:380: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:380: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:406: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:406: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:406: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:443: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:443: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:443: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:468: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:468: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:468: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:494: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:494: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:494: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:517: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:517: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:517: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:534: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:534: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:534: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:549: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:549: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:549: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:561: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:561: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:561: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:572: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:572: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:572: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:587: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:587: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:587: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:604: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:604: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:604: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:746: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:746: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:746: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_DESCRIPTION'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:746: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:747: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:747: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:747: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_LICENSE'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:747: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:748: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:748: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:748: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_ALIAS'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:748: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:749: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:749: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:749: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.c:749: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
make[1]: *** [arch/arm/plat-omap/dmtimer.o] Error 1
make: *** [arch/arm/plat-omap] Error 2

Signed-off-by: Axel Lin <axel.lin@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Tony Lindgren <tony@atomide.com>

