block: fix request_queue lifetime handling by making blk_queue_cleanup() properly shutdown

request_queue is refcounted but actually depdends on lifetime
management from the queue owner - on blk_cleanup_queue(), block layer
expects that there's no request passing through request_queue and no
new one will.

This is fundamentally broken.  The queue owner (e.g. SCSI layer)
doesn't have a way to know whether there are other active users before
calling blk_cleanup_queue() and other users (e.g. bsg) don't have any
guarantee that the queue is and would stay valid while it's holding a
reference.

With delay added in blk_queue_bio() before queue_lock is grabbed, the
following oops can be easily triggered when a device is removed with
in-flight IOs.

 sd 0:0:1:0: [sdb] Stopping disk
 ata1.01: disabled
 general protection fault: 0000 [#1] PREEMPT SMP
 CPU 2
 Modules linked in:

 Pid: 648, comm: test_rawio Not tainted 3.1.0-rc3-work+ #56 Bochs Bochs
 RIP: 0010:[<ffffffff8137d651>]  [<ffffffff8137d651>] elv_rqhash_find+0x61/0x100
 ...
 Process test_rawio (pid: 648, threadinfo ffff880019efa000, task ffff880019ef8a80)
 ...
 Call Trace:
  [<ffffffff8137d774>] elv_merge+0x84/0xe0
  [<ffffffff81385b54>] blk_queue_bio+0xf4/0x400
  [<ffffffff813838ea>] generic_make_request+0xca/0x100
  [<ffffffff81383994>] submit_bio+0x74/0x100
  [<ffffffff811c53ec>] dio_bio_submit+0xbc/0xc0
  [<ffffffff811c610e>] __blockdev_direct_IO+0x92e/0xb40
  [<ffffffff811c39f7>] blkdev_direct_IO+0x57/0x60
  [<ffffffff8113b1c5>] generic_file_aio_read+0x6d5/0x760
  [<ffffffff8118c1ca>] do_sync_read+0xda/0x120
  [<ffffffff8118ce55>] vfs_read+0xc5/0x180
  [<ffffffff8118cfaa>] sys_pread64+0x9a/0xb0
  [<ffffffff81afaf6b>] system_call_fastpath+0x16/0x1b

This happens because blk_queue_cleanup() destroys the queue and
elevator whether IOs are in progress or not and DEAD tests are
sprinkled in the request processing path without proper
synchronization.

Similar problem exists for blk-throtl.  On queue cleanup, blk-throtl
is shutdown whether it has requests in it or not.  Depending on
timing, it either oopses or throttled bios are lost putting tasks
which are waiting for bio completion into eternal D state.

The way it should work is having the usual clear distinction between
shutdown and release.  Shutdown drains all currently pending requests,
marks the queue dead, and performs partial teardown of the now
unnecessary part of the queue.  Even after shutdown is complete,
reference holders are still allowed to issue requests to the queue
although they will be immmediately failed.  The rest of teardown
happens on release.

This patch makes the following changes to make blk_queue_cleanup()
behave as proper shutdown.

* QUEUE_FLAG_DEAD is now set while holding both q->exit_mutex and
  queue_lock.

* Unsynchronized DEAD check in generic_make_request_checks() removed.
  This couldn't make any meaningful difference as the queue could die
  after the check.

* blk_drain_queue() updated such that it can drain all requests and is
  now called during cleanup.

* blk_throtl updated such that it checks DEAD on grabbing queue_lock,
  drains all throttled bios during cleanup and free td when queue is
  released.

Signed-off-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Vivek Goyal <vgoyal@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Jens Axboe <axboe@kernel.dk>

