staging: intel_sst: fix compile error

include module.h to fix the following compile errors:

drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:52: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:52: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:52: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:52: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:53: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:53: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:53: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:53: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:54: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:54: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:54: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:54: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:55: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:55: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:55: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:55: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:56: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:56: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:56: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_DESCRIPTION'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:56: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:57: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:57: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:57: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_LICENSE'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:57: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:58: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:58: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:58: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_SUPPORTED_DEVICE'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:58: warning: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:64: error: expected ')' before 'int'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:65: error: expected ')' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:66: error: expected ')' before numeric constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:67: error: expected ')' before string constant
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:461: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:461: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:461: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:475: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:475: warning: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL'
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:475: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c: In function 'snd_intelmad_probe':
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:859: error: 'THIS_MODULE' undeclared (first use in this function)
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:859: error: (Each undeclared identifier is reported only once
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:859: error: for each function it appears in.)
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c: At top level:
drivers/staging/intel_sst/intelmid.c:989: error: 'THIS_MODULE' undeclared here (not in a function)

Reported-by: Stephen Rothwell <sfr@canb.auug.org.au>
Signed-off-by: Lu Guanqun <guanqun.lu@intel.com>
Acked-by: Vinod Koul <vinod.koul@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@suse.de>

