s390: remove orphaned function declarations

arch/s390/pci/pci_bus.h: zpci_bus_init - only declaration left after
commit 05bc1be6db4b ("s390/pci: create zPCI bus")

arch/s390/include/asm/gmap.h: gmap_pte_notify - only declaration left
after commit 4be130a08420 ("s390/mm: add shadow gmap support")

arch/s390/include/asm/pgalloc.h: rcu_table_freelist_finish - only
declaration left after commit 36409f6353fc ("[S390] use generic RCU
page-table freeing code")

arch/s390/include/asm/tlbflush.h: smp_ptlb_all - only declaration left
after commit 5a79859ae0f3 ("s390: remove 31 bit support")

arch/s390/include/asm/vtimer.h: init_cpu_vtimer - only declaration left
after commit b5f87f15e200 ("s390/idle: consolidate idle functions and
definitions")

arch/s390/include/asm/pci.h: zpci_debug_info - only declaration left
after commit 386aa051fb4b ("s390/pci: remove per device debug attribute")

arch/s390/include/asm/vdso.h: vdso_alloc_boot_cpu - only declaration
left after commit 4bff8cb54502 ("s390: convert to GENERIC_VDSO")

arch/s390/include/asm/smp.h: smp_vcpu_scheduled - only declaration left
after commit 67626fadd269 ("s390: enforce CONFIG_SMP")

arch/s390/kernel/entry.h: restart_call_handler - only declaration left
after commit 8b646bd75908 ("[S390] rework smp code")

arch/s390/kernel/entry.h: startup_init_nobss - only declaration left
after commit 2e83e0eb85ca ("s390: clean .bss before running uncompressed
kernel")

arch/s390/kernel/entry.h: s390_early_resume - only declaration left after
commit 394216275c7d ("s390: remove broken hibernate / power management
support")

drivers/s390/char/raw3270.h: raw3270_request_alloc_bootmem - only
declaration left after commit 33403dcfcdfd ("[S390] 3270 console:
convert from bootmem to slab")

drivers/s390/cio/device.h: ccw_device_schedule_sch_unregister - only
declaration left after commit 37de53bb5290 ("[S390] cio: introduce ccw
device todos")

drivers/s390/char/tape.h: tape_hotplug_event - has only declaration
since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape.h: tape_oper_handler - has only declaration since
recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape.h: tape_noper_handler - has only declaration
since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_check_locate - only declaration
left after commit 161beff8f40d ("s390/tape: remove tape block leftovers")

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_default_handler - has only
declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_unexpect_uchk_handler - has only
declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_irq - has only declaration since
recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_error_recovery - has only
declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_error_recovery_has_failed -
has only declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_error_recovery_succeded - has
only declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_error_recovery_do_retry - has
only declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_error_recovery_read_opposite -
has only declaration since recorded git history.

drivers/s390/char/tape_std.h: tape_std_error_recovery_HWBUG - has only
declaration since recorded git history.

Reviewed-by: Sven Schnelle <svens@linux.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Vasily Gorbik <gor@linux.ibm.com>

