mac80211: skip netdev queue control with software queuing

Qdiscs are designed with no regard to 802.11
aggregation requirements and hand out
packet-by-packet with no guarantee they are
destined to the same tid. This does more bad than
good no matter how fairly a given qdisc may behave
on an ethernet interface.

Software queuing used per-AC netdev subqueue
congestion control whenever a global AC limit was
hit. This meant in practice a single station or
tid queue could starve others rather easily. This
could resonate with qdiscs in a bad way or could
just end up with poor aggregation performance.
Increasing the AC limit would increase induced
latency which is also bad.

Disabling qdiscs by default and performing
taildrop instead of netdev subqueue congestion
control on the other hand makes it possible for
tid queues to fill up "in the meantime" while
preventing stations starving each other.

This increases aggregation opportunities and
should allow software queuing based drivers
achieve better performance by utilizing airtime
more efficiently with big aggregates.

Signed-off-by: Michal Kazior <michal.kazior@tieto.com>
Signed-off-by: Johannes Berg <johannes.berg@intel.com>

