irqchip/gic: Add platform driver for non-root GICs that require RPM

Add a platform driver to support non-root GICs that require runtime
power-management. Currently, only non-root GICs are supported because
the functions, smp_cross_call() and set_handle_irq(), that need to
be called for a root controller are located in the __init section and
so cannot be called by the platform driver.

The GIC platform driver re-uses many functions from the existing GIC
driver including some functions to save and restore the GIC context
during power transitions. The functions for saving and restoring the
GIC context are currently only defined if CONFIG_CPU_PM is enabled and
to ensure that these functions are always defined when the platform
driver is enabled, a dependency on CONFIG_ARM_GIC_PM (which selects the
platform driver) has been added.

In order to re-use the private GIC initialisation code, a new public
function, gic_of_init_child(), has been added which calls various
private functions to initialise the GIC. This is different from the
existing gic_of_init() because it only supports non-root GICs (ie. does
not call smp_cross_call() is set_handle_irq()) and is not located in
the __init section (so can be used by platform drivers). Furthermore,
gic_of_init_child() dynamically allocates memory for the GIC chip data
which is also different from gic_of_init().

There is no specific suspend handling for GICs registered as platform
devices. Non-wakeup interrupts will be disabled by the kernel during
late suspend, however, this alone will not power down the GIC if
interrupts have been requested and not freed. Therefore, requestors of
non-wakeup interrupts will need to free them on entering suspend in
order to power-down the GIC.

Signed-off-by: Jon Hunter <jonathanh@nvidia.com>
Signed-off-by: Marc Zyngier <marc.zyngier@arm.com>

