xfs: fix broken multi-fsb buffer logging

Multi-block buffers are logged based on buffer offset in
xfs_trans_log_buf(). xfs_buf_item_log() ultimately walks each mapping in
the buffer and marks the associated range to be logged in the
xfs_buf_log_format bitmap for that mapping. This code is broken,
however, in that it marks the actual buffer offsets of the associated
range in each bitmap rather than shifting to the byte range for that
particular mapping.

For example, on a 4k fsb fs, buffer offset 4096 refers to the first byte
of the second mapping in the buffer. This means byte 0 of the second log
format bitmap should be tagged as dirty. Instead, the current code marks
byte offset 4096 of the second log format bitmap, which is invalid and
potentially out of range of the mapping.

As a result of this, the log item format code invoked at transaction
commit time is not be able to correctly identify what parts of the
buffer to copy into log vectors. This can lead to NULL log vector
pointer dereferences in CIL push context if the item format code was not
able to locate any dirty ranges at all. This crash has been reproduced
on a 4k FSB filesystem using 16k directory blocks where an unlink
operation happened not to log anything in the first block of the
mapping. The logged offsets were all over 4k, marked as such in the
subsequent log format mappings, and thus left the transaction with an
xfs_log_item that is marked DIRTY but without any logged regions.

Further, even when the logged regions are marked correctly in the buffer
log format bitmaps, the format code doesn't copy the correct ranges of
the buffer into the log. This means that any logged region beyond the
first block of a multi-block buffer is subject to corruption after a
crash and log recovery sequence. This is due to a failure to convert the
mapping bm_len field from basic blocks to bytes in the buffer offset
tracking code in xfs_buf_item_format().

Update xfs_buf_item_log() to convert buffer offsets to segment relative
offsets when logging multi-block buffers. This ensures that the modified
regions of a buffer are logged correctly and avoids the aforementioned
crash. Also update xfs_buf_item_format() to correctly track the source
offset into the buffer for the log vector formatting code. This ensures
that the correct data is copied into the log.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Eric Sandeen <sandeen@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <david@fromorbit.com>




