xfs: update metadata LSN in buffers during log recovery

Log recovery is currently broken for v5 superblocks in that it never
updates the metadata LSN of buffers written out during recovery. The
metadata LSN is recorded in various bits of metadata to provide recovery
ordering criteria that prevents transient corruption states reported by
buffer write verifiers. Without such ordering logic, buffer updates can
be replayed out of order and lead to false positive transient corruption
states. This is generally not a corruption vector on its own, but
corruption detection shuts down the filesystem and ultimately prevents a
mount if it occurs during log recovery. This requires an xfs_repair run
that clears the log and potentially loses filesystem updates.

This problem is avoided in most cases as metadata writes during normal
filesystem operation update the metadata LSN appropriately. The problem
with log recovery not updating metadata LSNs manifests if the system
happens to crash shortly after log recovery itself. In this scenario, it
is possible for log recovery to complete all metadata I/O such that the
filesystem is consistent. If a crash occurs after that point but before
the log tail is pushed forward by subsequent operations, however, the
next mount performs the same log recovery over again. If a buffer is
updated multiple times in the dirty range of the log, an earlier update
in the log might not be valid based on the current state of the
associated buffer after all of the updates in the log had been replayed
(before the previous crash). If a verifier happens to detect such a
problem, the filesystem claims corruption and immediately shuts down.

This commonly manifests in practice as directory block verifier failures
such as the following, likely due to directory verifiers being
particularly detailed in their checks as compared to most others:

  ...
  Mounting V5 Filesystem
  XFS (dm-0): Starting recovery (logdev: internal)
  XFS (dm-0): Internal error XFS_WANT_CORRUPTED_RETURN at line ... of \
    file fs/xfs/libxfs/xfs_dir2_data.c.  Caller xfs_dir3_data_verify ...
  ...

Update log recovery to update the metadata LSN of recovered buffers.
Since metadata LSNs are already updated by write verifer functions via
attached log items, attach a dummy log item to the buffer during
validation and explicitly set the LSN of the current transaction. This
ensures that the metadata LSN of a buffer is updated based on whether
the recovery I/O actually completes, and if so, that subsequent recovery
attempts identify that the buffer is already up to date with respect to
the current transaction.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <david@fromorbit.com>


