net: mscc: ocelot: eliminate confusion between CPU and NPI port

Ocelot has the concept of a CPU port. The CPU port is represented in the
forwarding and the queueing system, but it is not a physical device. The
CPU port can either be accessed via register-based injection/extraction
(which is the case of Ocelot), via Frame-DMA (similar to the first one),
or "connected" to a physical Ethernet port (called NPI in the datasheet)
which is the case of the Felix DSA switch.

In Ocelot the CPU port is at index 11.
In Felix the CPU port is at index 6.

The CPU bit is treated special in the forwarding, as it is never cleared
from the forwarding port mask (once added to it). Other than that, it is
treated the same as a normal front port.

Both Felix and Ocelot should use the CPU port in the same way. This
means that Felix should not use the NPI port directly when forwarding to
the CPU, but instead use the CPU port.

This patch is fixing this such that Felix will use port 6 as its CPU
port, and just use the NPI port to carry the traffic.

Therefore, eliminate the "ocelot->cpu" variable which was holding the
index of the NPI port for Felix, and the index of the CPU port module
for Ocelot, so the variable was actually configuring different things
for different drivers and causing at least part of the confusion.

Also remove the "ocelot->num_cpu_ports" variable, which is the result of
another confusion. The 2 CPU ports mentioned in the datasheet are
because there are two frame extraction channels (register based or DMA
based). This is of no relevance to the driver at the moment, and
invisible to the analyzer module.

Signed-off-by: Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>
Suggested-by: Allan W. Nielsen <allan.nielsen@microchip.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

