ALSA: hda - Add DP-MST jack support

This patch adds DP-MST jack support which will be used on NVIDIA
platforms. Today, DP-MST audio is supported only if the codec has
acomp support. This patch makes it possible to add DP-MST support
for non-acomp codecs.

For the codecs supporting DP-MST audio, each pin can contain several
device entries. Each device entry is a virtual pin, described by
pin_nid and dev_id in struct hdmi_spec_per_pin. For monitor hotplug
event handling, non-acomp codecs enable and register jack-detection
for every hdmi_spec_per_pin.

This patch updates every relevant function in hda_jack.h and its
implementation in hda_jack.c, to consider dev_id along with pin_nid.

Changes to the HD Audio specification to support DP-MST audio are
described in the Intel Document Change Notification (DCN) number
HDA040-A.

From HDA040-A, "For the case of multi stream capable Digital Display
Pin Widget, [the Get Pin Sense verb] can be used to read a specific
Device Entry state as reported in Get Device List Entry verb." This
patch updates the read_pin_sense() function to take the dev_id as an
argument and pass it as a parameter to the Get Pin Sense verb.

Bits 15 through 20 from the Unsolicited Response for intrinsic
events contain the index of the Device Entry that generated the
event. This patch updates the Unsolicited Response event handlers to
extract the device entry index from the response and pass it to
snd_hda_jack_tbl_get_from_tag().

This patch updates snd_hda_jack_tbl_new() to take a dev_id argument
and store it in the jack structure, and to make sure not to generate
a different tag when called more than once for the same nid.

Signed-off-by: Nikhil Mahale <nmahale@nvidia.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20191119084710.29267-3-nmahale@nvidia.com
Signed-off-by: Takashi Iwai <tiwai@suse.de>

