powerpc/mm/book3s64/radix: Remove unused code.

mm_tlb_flush_nested change was added in the mmu gather tlb flush to
handle the case of parallel pte invalidate happening with mmap_sem
held in read mode. This fix was done by commit
02390f66bd23 ("powerpc/64s/radix: Fix MADV_[FREE|DONTNEED] TLB flush
miss problem with THP") and the problem is explained in detail in
commit 99baac21e458 ("mm: fix MADV_[FREE|DONTNEED] TLB flush miss
problem")

This was later updated by commit 7a30df49f63a ("mm: mmu_gather: remove
__tlb_reset_range() for force flush") to do a full mm flush rather
than a range flush. By commit dd2283f2605e ("mm: mmap: zap pages with
read mmap_sem in munmap") we are also now allowing a page table free
in mmap_sem read mode which means we should do a PWC flush too. Our
current full mm flush imply a PWC flush.

With all the above change the mm_tlb_flush_nested(mm) branch in
radix__tlb_flush will never be taken because for the nested case we
would have taken the if (tlb->fullmm) branch. This patch removes the
unused code. Also, remove the gflush change in
__radix__flush_tlb_range that was added to handle the range tlb flush
code. We only check for THP there because hugetlb is flushed via a
different code path where page size is explicitly specified.

This is a partial revert of commit 02390f66bd23 ("powerpc/64s/radix:
Fix MADV_[FREE|DONTNEED] TLB flush miss problem with THP")

Signed-off-by: Aneesh Kumar K.V <aneesh.kumar@linux.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael Ellerman <mpe@ellerman.id.au>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20191024075801.22434-1-aneesh.kumar@linux.ibm.com

