sysfs: bail early from kernfs_file_mmap() to avoid spurious lockdep warning

This is v3.14 fix for the same issue that a8b14744429f ("sysfs: give
different locking key to regular and bin files") addresses for v3.13.
Due to the extensive kernfs reorganization in v3.14 branch, the same
fix couldn't be ported as-is.  The v3.13 fix was ignored while merging
it into v3.14 branch.

027a485d12e0 ("sysfs: use a separate locking class for open files
depending on mmap") assigned different lockdep key to
sysfs_open_file->mutex depending on whether the file implements mmap
or not in an attempt to avoid spurious lockdep warning caused by
merging of regular and bin file paths.

While this restored some of the original behavior of using different
locks (at least lockdep is concerned) for the different clases of
files.  The restoration wasn't full because now the lockdep key
assignment depends on whether the file has mmap or not instead of
whether it's a regular file or not.

This means that bin files which don't implement mmap will get assigned
the same lockdep class as regular files.  This is problematic because
file_operations for bin files still implements the mmap file operation
and checking whether the sysfs file actually implements mmap happens
in the file operation after grabbing @sysfs_open_file->mutex.  We
still end up adding locking dependency from mmap locking to
sysfs_open_file->mutex to the regular file mutex which triggers
spurious circular locking warning.

For v3.13, a8b14744429f ("sysfs: give different locking key to regular
and bin files") fixed it by giving sysfs_open_file->mutex different
lockdep keys depending on whether the file is regular or bin instead
of whether mmap exists or not; however, due to the way sysfs is now
layered behind kernfs, this approach is no longer viable.  kernfs can
tell whether a sysfs node has mmap implemented or not but can't tell
whether a bin file from a regular one.

This patch updates kernfs such that kernfs_file_mmap() checks
SYSFS_FLAG_HAS_MMAP and bail before grabbing sysfs_open_file->mutex so
that it doesn't add spurious locking dependency from mmap to
sysfs_open_file->mutex and changes sysfs so that it specifies
kernfs_ops->mmap iff the sysfs file implements mmap.  Combined, this
ensures that sysfs_open_file->mutex is grabbed under mmap path iff the
sysfs file actually implements mmap.  As sysfs_open_file->mutex is
already given a different lockdep key if mmap is implemented, this
removes the spurious locking dependency.

Signed-off-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Reported-by: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/g/20131203184324.GA11320@redhat.com
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

