vfio: platform: fix __iomem in vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c

The ioaddr should have __iomem marker on it, so add that to fix
the following sparse warnings:

drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:33:44: warning: incorrect type in argument 2 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:33:44:    expected void volatile [noderef] <asn:2> *addr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:33:44:    got void *
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:34:33: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:34:33:    expected void const volatile [noderef] <asn:2> *addr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:34:33:    got void *
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:44:44: warning: incorrect type in argument 2 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:44:44:    expected void volatile [noderef] <asn:2> *addr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:44:44:    got void *
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:45:33: warning: incorrect type in argument 2 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:45:33:    expected void volatile [noderef] <asn:2> *addr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:45:33:    got void *
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:69:41: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:69:41:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:69:41:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:71:30: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:71:30:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:71:30:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:76:49: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:76:49:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:76:49:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:85:37: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:85:37:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:85:37:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:87:30: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:87:30:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:87:30:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:90:30: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:90:30:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:90:30:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:93:30: warning: incorrect type in argument 1 (different address spaces)
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:93:30:    expected void *ioaddr
drivers/vfio/platform/reset/vfio_platform_amdxgbe.c:93:30:    got void [noderef] <asn:2> *ioaddr

Signed-off-by: Ben Dooks (Codethink) <ben.dooks@codethink.co.uk>
Acked-by: Eric Auger <eric.auger@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Alex Williamson <alex.williamson@redhat.com>

