xfs: flush entire file on dio read/write to cached file

Filesystems are responsible to manage file coherency between the page
cache and direct I/O. The generic dio code flushes dirty pages over the
range of a dio to ensure that the dio read or a future buffered read
returns the correct data. XFS has generally followed this pattern,
though traditionally has flushed and invalidated the range from the
start of the I/O all the way to the end of the file. This changed after
the following commit:

	7d4ea3ce xfs: use ranged writeback and invalidation for direct IO

... as the full file flush was no longer necessary to deal with the
strange post-eof delalloc issues that were since fixed. Unfortunately,
we have since received complaints about performance degradation due to
the increased exclusive iolock cycles (which locks out parallel dio
submission) that occur when a file has cached pages. This does not occur
on filesystems that use the generic code as it also does not incorporate
locking.

The exclusive iolock is acquired any time the inode mapping has cached
pages, regardless of whether they reside in the range of the I/O or not.
If not, the flush/inval calls do no work and the lock was cycled for no
reason.

Under consideration of the cost of the exclusive iolock, update the dio
read and write handlers to flush and invalidate the entire mapping when
cached pages exist. In most cases, this increases the cost of the
initial flush sequence but eliminates the need for further lock cycles
and flushes so long as the workload does not actively mix direct and
buffered I/O. This also more closely matches historical behavior and
performance characteristics that users have come to expect.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <david@fromorbit.com>


