KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Use OPAL XICS emulation on POWER9

POWER9 includes a new interrupt controller, called XIVE, which is
quite different from the XICS interrupt controller on POWER7 and
POWER8 machines.  KVM-HV accesses the XICS directly in several places
in order to send and clear IPIs and handle interrupts from PCI
devices being passed through to the guest.

In order to make the transition to XIVE easier, OPAL firmware will
include an emulation of XICS on top of XIVE.  Access to the emulated
XICS is via OPAL calls.  The one complication is that the EOI
(end-of-interrupt) function can now return a value indicating that
another interrupt is pending; in this case, the XIVE will not signal
an interrupt in hardware to the CPU, and software is supposed to
acknowledge the new interrupt without waiting for another interrupt
to be delivered in hardware.

This adapts KVM-HV to use the OPAL calls on machines where there is
no XICS hardware.  When there is no XICS, we look for a device-tree
node with "ibm,opal-intc" in its compatible property, which is how
OPAL indicates that it provides XICS emulation.

In order to handle the EOI return value, kvmppc_read_intr() has
become kvmppc_read_one_intr(), with a boolean variable passed by
reference which can be set by the EOI functions to indicate that
another interrupt is pending.  The new kvmppc_read_intr() keeps
calling kvmppc_read_one_intr() until there are no more interrupts
to process.  The return value from kvmppc_read_intr() is the
largest non-zero value of the returns from kvmppc_read_one_intr().

Signed-off-by: Paul Mackerras <paulus@ozlabs.org>

