thermal: rockchip: Appease the kernel-doc deity

Replace a comment starting with /** by simply /* to avoid having it
interpreted as a kernel-doc comment. Describe missing function
parameters where needed.

Fixes up the following warnings when compiled with make W=1:

linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:27: warning: cannot
understand function prototype: 'enum tshut_mode '
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:37: warning: cannot
understand function prototype: 'enum tshut_polarity '
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:46: warning: cannot
understand function prototype: 'enum sensor_id '
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:56: warning: cannot
understand function prototype: 'enum adc_sort_mode '
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:123: warning: Function
parameter or member 'chn_id' not described in 'rockchip_tsadc_chip'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:123: warning: Function
parameter or member 'control' not described in 'rockchip_tsadc_chip'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:167: warning: Function
parameter or member 'sensors' not described in 'rockchip_thermal_data'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:608: warning: Function
parameter or member 'grf' not described in 'rk_tsadcv2_initialize'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:608: warning: Function
parameter or member 'regs' not described in 'rk_tsadcv2_initialize'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:608: warning: Function
parameter or member 'tshut_polarity' not described in
'rk_tsadcv2_initialize'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:644: warning: Function
parameter or member 'grf' not described in 'rk_tsadcv3_initialize'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:644: warning: Function
parameter or member 'regs' not described in 'rk_tsadcv3_initialize'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:644: warning: Function
parameter or member 'tshut_polarity' not described in
'rk_tsadcv3_initialize'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:732: warning: Function
parameter or member 'regs' not described in 'rk_tsadcv3_control'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:732: warning: Function
parameter or member 'enable' not described in 'rk_tsadcv3_control'
linux.git/drivers/thermal/rockchip_thermal.c:1211: warning: Function
parameter or member 'reset' not described in
'rockchip_thermal_reset_controller'

Signed-off-by: Amit Kucheria <amit.kucheria@linaro.org>
Reviewed-by: Viresh Kumar <viresh.kumar@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Daniel Lezcano <daniel.lezcano@linaro.org>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/c3cbdb0619fec602668ba7ae703ba49d67e30b33.1574242756.git.amit.kucheria@linaro.org

