scsi: mpt3sas: Add support IOCs new state named COREDUMP

New feature is added in HBA firmware where it copies the collected firmware
logs in flash region named 'CoreDump' whenever HBA firmware faults occur.

For copying the logs to CoreDump flash region firmware needs some time and
hence it has introduced a new IOC state named "CoreDump" State.

Whenever driver detects the CoreDump state then it means that some firmware
fault has occurred and firmware is copying the logs to the coredump flash
region. During this time driver should not perform any operation with the
HBA, driver should wait for HBA firmware to move the IOC state from
'CoreDump' state to 'Fault' state once it's done with copying the logs to
coredump region. Once driver detects the Fault state then it will issue the
diag reset/host reset operation to move the IOC state from Fault to
Operational state.

Here the valid IOC state transactions w.r.t to this CoreDump state feature,

Operational -> Fault:
The IOC transitions to the Fault state when an operational error occurs AND
CoreDump is not supported (or disabled) by the firmware(FW).

Operational -> CoreDump:
The IOC transitions to the CoreDump state when an operational error occurs
AND CoreDump is supported & enabled by the FW.

CoreDump -> Fault:
A transition from CoreDump state to Fault state happens when the FW
completes the CoreDump collection.

CoreDump -> Reset:
A transition out of the CoreDump state happens when the host sets the Reset
Adapter bit in the System Diagnostic Register (Hard Reset). This reset
action indicates that CoreDump took longer than the host time out.

Firmware informs the driver about the maximum time that driver has to wait
for firmware to transition the IOC state from 'CoreDump' to 'FAULT' state
through 'CoreDumpTOSec' field of ManufacturingPage11 page. if this
'CoreDumpTOSec' field value is zero then driver will wait for max 15
seconds.

Driver informs the HBA firmware that it supports this new IOC state named
'CoreDump' state by enabling COREDUMP_ENABLE flag in ConfigurationFlags
field of ioc init request message.

Current patch handles the CoreDump state only during HBA initialization and
release scenarios where watchdog thread (which polls the IOC state in every
one second) is disabled.  Next subsequent patch handle the CoreDump state
when watchdog thread is enabled.

During HBA initialization or release execution time if driver detects the
CoreDump state then driver will wait for maximum CoreDumpTOSec value
seconds for FW to copy the logs. After that it will issue the diag reset
operation to move the IOC state to Operational state.

Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20191226111333.26131-5-sreekanth.reddy@broadcom.com
Signed-off-by: Sreekanth Reddy <sreekanth.reddy@broadcom.com>
Signed-off-by: Martin K. Petersen <martin.petersen@oracle.com>

