wlcore: add new reg-domain configuration command

In 18xx the calibration process of the PHY Cortex domain
requires to perform an active calibration of the channel
before it can be used for transmission. To fulfill world
wide regulatory restrictions, fw should be always
synchronized/updated with current CRDA configuration.
Add a new "CMD_DFS_CHANNEL_CONFIG" command to update the
fw with current reg-domain, this command passes a bit map
of channels that are allowed to be used for transmission.

The driver shall update the fw during initialization and
after each change in the current reg-domain
configuration. The driver will save the channel number of
incoming beacons during the scan process, as they might
be a result of the passive scan on
"IEEE80211_CHAN_PASSIVE_SCAN" channel and will update the
fw accordingly once the scan is finished, the purpose of
this is to be ready in case of the authentication request
on one of these disabled (uncalibrated) channels.

The new command requires to wait for the fw completion
event "DFS_CHANNELS_CONFIG_COMPLETE_EVENT".

No scan commands (including the sched scan) can be
executed concurrently with the "CMD_DFS_CHANNEL_CONFIG",
wl->mutex ensures that.

[Arik - move reset of reg_ch_conf_last to safe place inside
op_stop_locked]
[Eliad - adjust to new event waiting api]

Signed-off-by: Victor Goldenshtein <victorg@ti.com>
Signed-off-by: Arik Nemtsov <arik@wizery.com>
Signed-off-by: Eliad Peller <eliad@wizery.com>
Signed-off-by: Luciano Coelho <coelho@ti.com>

