crypto: drivers - set the flag CRYPTO_ALG_ALLOCATES_MEMORY

Set the flag CRYPTO_ALG_ALLOCATES_MEMORY in the crypto drivers that
allocate memory.

drivers/crypto/allwinner/sun8i-ce/sun8i-ce-core.c: sun8i_ce_cipher
drivers/crypto/allwinner/sun8i-ss/sun8i-ss-core.c: sun8i_ss_cipher
drivers/crypto/amlogic/amlogic-gxl-core.c: meson_cipher
drivers/crypto/axis/artpec6_crypto.c: artpec6_crypto_common_init
drivers/crypto/bcm/cipher.c: spu_skcipher_rx_sg_create
drivers/crypto/caam/caamalg.c: aead_edesc_alloc
drivers/crypto/caam/caamalg_qi.c: aead_edesc_alloc
drivers/crypto/caam/caamalg_qi2.c: aead_edesc_alloc
drivers/crypto/caam/caamhash.c: hash_digest_key
drivers/crypto/cavium/cpt/cptvf_algs.c: process_request
drivers/crypto/cavium/nitrox/nitrox_aead.c: nitrox_process_se_request
drivers/crypto/cavium/nitrox/nitrox_skcipher.c: nitrox_process_se_request
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-crypto-aes-cmac.c: ccp_do_cmac_update
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-crypto-aes-galois.c: ccp_crypto_enqueue_request
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-crypto-aes-xts.c: ccp_crypto_enqueue_request
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-crypto-aes.c: ccp_crypto_enqueue_request
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-crypto-des3.c: ccp_crypto_enqueue_request
drivers/crypto/ccp/ccp-crypto-sha.c: ccp_crypto_enqueue_request
drivers/crypto/chelsio/chcr_algo.c: create_cipher_wr
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/sec/sec_algs.c: sec_alloc_and_fill_hw_sgl
drivers/crypto/hisilicon/sec2/sec_crypto.c: sec_alloc_req_id
drivers/crypto/inside-secure/safexcel_cipher.c: safexcel_queue_req
drivers/crypto/inside-secure/safexcel_hash.c: safexcel_ahash_enqueue
drivers/crypto/ixp4xx_crypto.c: ablk_perform
drivers/crypto/marvell/cesa/cipher.c: mv_cesa_skcipher_dma_req_init
drivers/crypto/marvell/cesa/hash.c: mv_cesa_ahash_dma_req_init
drivers/crypto/marvell/octeontx/otx_cptvf_algs.c: create_ctx_hdr
drivers/crypto/n2_core.c: n2_compute_chunks
drivers/crypto/picoxcell_crypto.c: spacc_sg_to_ddt
drivers/crypto/qat/qat_common/qat_algs.c: qat_alg_skcipher_encrypt
drivers/crypto/qce/skcipher.c: qce_skcipher_async_req_handle
drivers/crypto/talitos.c : talitos_edesc_alloc
drivers/crypto/virtio/virtio_crypto_algs.c: __virtio_crypto_skcipher_do_req
drivers/crypto/xilinx/zynqmp-aes-gcm.c: zynqmp_aes_aead_cipher

Signed-off-by: Mikulas Patocka <mpatocka@redhat.com>
[EB: avoid overly-long lines]
Signed-off-by: Eric Biggers <ebiggers@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Herbert Xu <herbert@gondor.apana.org.au>

