[media] cobalt: fix sparse warnings

drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:189:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:191:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:192:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:193:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:194:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:195:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:196:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:197:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:198:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:199:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:201:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:202:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:203:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:234:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:240:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:246:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:266:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:267:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:271:28: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:275:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:276:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:312:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:313:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:314:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:315:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:317:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:320:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:321:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:321:36: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:324:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:327:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:328:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:328:41: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:329:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:331:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:332:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:334:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:335:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:336:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:362:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:367:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:368:17: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:420:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:421:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:422:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:423:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:516:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:516:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:518:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:518:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:518:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:525:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:525:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:531:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:546:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:546:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:548:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:549:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:550:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:551:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:552:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:553:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:554:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:555:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:556:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:556:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:556:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:563:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:564:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:564:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:569:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:595:16: warning: dereference of noderef expression
drivers/media/pci/cobalt/cobalt-v4l2.c:602:9: warning: dereference of noderef expression

Signed-off-by: Hans Verkuil <hans.verkuil@cisco.com>
Signed-off-by: Mauro Carvalho Chehab <mchehab@osg.samsung.com>

