powerpc/pseries: Provide vcpu dispatch statistics

For Shared Processor LPARs, the POWER Hypervisor maintains a
relatively static mapping of the LPAR processors (vcpus) to physical
processor chips (representing the "home" node) and tries to always
dispatch vcpus on their associated physical processor chip. However,
under certain scenarios, vcpus may be dispatched on a different
processor chip (away from its home node). The actual physical
processor number on which a certain vcpu is dispatched is available to
the guest in the 'processor_id' field of each DTL entry.

The guest can discover the home node of each vcpu through the
H_HOME_NODE_ASSOCIATIVITY(flags=1) hcall. The guest can also discover
the associativity of physical processors, as represented in the DTL
entry, through the H_HOME_NODE_ASSOCIATIVITY(flags=2) hcall.

These can then be compared to determine if the vcpu was dispatched on
its home node or not. If the vcpu was not dispatched on the home node,
it is possible to determine if the vcpu was dispatched in a different
chip, socket or drawer.

Introduce a procfs file /proc/powerpc/vcpudispatch_stats that can be
used to obtain these statistics. Writing '1' to this file enables
collecting the statistics, while writing '0' disables the statistics.
The statistics themselves are available by reading the procfs file. By
default, the DTLB log for each vcpu is processed 50 times a second so
as not to miss any entries. This processing frequency can be changed
through /proc/powerpc/vcpudispatch_stats_freq.

Signed-off-by: Naveen N. Rao <naveen.n.rao@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael Ellerman <mpe@ellerman.id.au>

