kvm: x86: Fix reserved bits related calculation errors caused by MKTME

Intel MKTME repurposes several high bits of physical address as 'keyID'
for memory encryption thus effectively reduces platform's maximum
physical address bits. Exactly how many bits are reduced is configured
by BIOS. To honor such HW behavior, the repurposed bits are reduced from
cpuinfo_x86->x86_phys_bits when MKTME is detected in CPU detection.
Similarly, AMD SME/SEV also reduces physical address bits for memory
encryption, and cpuinfo->x86_phys_bits is reduced too when SME/SEV is
detected, so for both MKTME and SME/SEV, boot_cpu_data.x86_phys_bits
doesn't hold physical address bits reported by CPUID anymore.

Currently KVM treats bits from boot_cpu_data.x86_phys_bits to 51 as
reserved bits, but it's not true anymore for MKTME, since MKTME treats
those reduced bits as 'keyID', but not reserved bits. Therefore
boot_cpu_data.x86_phys_bits cannot be used to calculate reserved bits
anymore, although we can still use it for AMD SME/SEV since SME/SEV
treats the reduced bits differently -- they are treated as reserved
bits, the same as other reserved bits in page table entity [1].

Fix by introducing a new 'shadow_phys_bits' variable in KVM x86 MMU code
to store the effective physical bits w/o reserved bits -- for MKTME,
it equals to physical address reported by CPUID, and for SME/SEV, it is
boot_cpu_data.x86_phys_bits.

Note that for the physical address bits reported to guest should remain
unchanged -- KVM should report physical address reported by CPUID to
guest, but not boot_cpu_data.x86_phys_bits. Because for Intel MKTME,
there's no harm if guest sets up 'keyID' bits in guest page table (since
MKTME only works at physical address level), and KVM doesn't even expose
MKTME to guest. Arguably, for AMD SME/SEV, guest is aware of SEV thus it
should adjust boot_cpu_data.x86_phys_bits when it detects SEV, therefore
KVM should still reports physcial address reported by CPUID to guest.

Reviewed-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kai Huang <kai.huang@linux.intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Paolo Bonzini <pbonzini@redhat.com>

