xfs: handle indlen shortage on delalloc extent merge

When a delalloc extent is created, it can be merged with pre-existing,
contiguous, delalloc extents. When this occurs,
xfs_bmap_add_extent_hole_delay() merges the extents along with the
associated indirect block reservations. The expectation here is that the
combined worst case indlen reservation is always less than or equal to
the indlen reservation for the individual extents.

This is not always the case, however, as existing extents can less than
the expected indlen reservation if the extent was previously split due
to a hole punch. If a new extent merges with such an extent, the total
indlen requirement may be larger than the sum of the indlen reservations
held by both extents.

xfs_bmap_add_extent_hole_delay() assumes that the worst case indlen
reservation is always available and assigns it to the merged extent
without consideration for the indlen held by the pre-existing extent. As
a result, the subsequent xfs_mod_fdblocks() call can attempt an
unintentional allocation rather than a free (indicated by an ASSERT()
failure). Further, if the allocation happens to fail in this context,
the failure goes unhandled and creates a filesystem wide block
accounting inconsistency.

Fix xfs_bmap_add_extent_hole_delay() to function as designed. Cap the
indlen reservation assigned to the merged extent to the sum of the
indlen reservations held by each of the individual extents.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>
Signed-off-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>

