net: liquidio: fix build errors when linux/phy*.h is removed from net/dsa.h

drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:30: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:30: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:30: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:30: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:31: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:31: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:31: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_DESCRIPTION'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:31: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:32: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:32: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:32: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_LICENSE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:32: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:33: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:33: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:33: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_VERSION'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:33: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:36: error: expected ')' before 'int'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:37: error: expected ')' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:325: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:325: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_DEVICE_TABLE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:325: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:3250: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:3250: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'module_init'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:3250: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:3251: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:3251: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'module_exit'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_vf_main.c:3251: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:36: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:36: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:36: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_AUTHOR'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:36: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:37: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:37: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:37: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_DESCRIPTION'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:37: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:38: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:38: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:38: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_LICENSE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:38: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:39: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:39: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:39: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_VERSION'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:39: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:40: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:40: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:40: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_FIRMWARE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:40: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:41: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:41: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:41: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_FIRMWARE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:41: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:42: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:42: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:42: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_FIRMWARE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:42: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:43: error: expected declaration specifiers or '...' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:43: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:43: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_FIRMWARE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:43: error: function declaration isn't a prototype
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:46: error: expected ')' before 'int'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:48: error: expected ')' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:53: error: expected ')' before 'int'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:54: error: expected ')' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:57: error: expected ')' before 'sizeof'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:58: error: expected ')' before string constant
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:498: warning: data definitionhas no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:498: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'MODULE_DEVICE_TABLE'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:498: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c: In function 'octeon_recv_vf_drv_notice':
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4393: error: implicit declaration of function 'try_module_get'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4400: error: implicit declaration of function 'module_put'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c: At top level:
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4670: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4670: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'module_init'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4670: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4671: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4671: error: type defaults to 'int' in declaration of 'module_exit'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/lio_main.c:4671: warning: parameter names (without types) in function declaration

Add linux/module.h to both these files.

drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/octeon_console.c:40:31: error: expected ')' before 'int'
drivers/net/ethernet/cavium/liquidio/octeon_console.c:42:4: error: expected ')' before string constant

Add linux/moduleparam.h to this file.

Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@armlinux.org.uk>
Acked-by: Felix Manlunas <felix.manlunas@cavium.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

