powerpc/cacheinfo: Lookup cache by dt node and thread-group id

Currently the cacheinfo code on powerpc indexes the "cache" objects
(modelling the L1/L2/L3 caches) where the key is device-tree node
corresponding to that cache. On some of the POWER server platforms
thread-groups within the core share different sets of caches (Eg: On
SMT8 POWER9 systems, threads 0,2,4,6 of a core share L1 cache and
threads 1,3,5,7 of the same core share another L1 cache). On such
platforms, there is a single device-tree node corresponding to that
cache and the cache-configuration within the threads of the core is
indicated via "ibm,thread-groups" device-tree property.

Since the current code is not aware of the "ibm,thread-groups"
property, on the aforementoined systems, cacheinfo code still treats
all the threads in the core to be sharing the cache because of the
single device-tree node (In the earlier example, the cacheinfo code
would says CPUs 0-7 share L1 cache).

In this patch, we make the powerpc cacheinfo code aware of the
"ibm,thread-groups" property. We indexe the "cache" objects by the
key-pair (device-tree node, thread-group id). For any CPUX, for a
given level of cache, the thread-group id is defined to be the first
CPU in the "ibm,thread-groups" cache-group containing CPUX. For levels
of cache which are not represented in "ibm,thread-groups" property,
the thread-group id is -1.

[parth: Remove "static" keyword for the definition of "thread_group_l1_cache_map"
and "thread_group_l2_cache_map" to get rid of the compile error.]

Signed-off-by: Gautham R. Shenoy <ego@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Parth Shah <parth@linux.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael Ellerman <mpe@ellerman.id.au>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20210728175607.591679-2-parth@linux.ibm.com


