xfs: don't unlock invalidated buf on aborted tx commit

xfstests generic/388,475 occasionally reproduce assertion failures
in xfs_buf_item_unpin() when the final bli reference is dropped on
an invalidated buffer and the buffer is not locked as it is expected
to be. Invalidated buffers should remain locked on transaction
commit until the final unpin, at which point the buffer is removed
from the AIL and the bli is freed since stale buffers are not
written back.

The assert failures are associated with filesystem shutdown,
typically due to log I/O errors injected by the test. The
problematic situation can occur if the shutdown happens to cause a
race between an active transaction that has invalidated a particular
buffer and an I/O error on a log buffer that contains the bli
associated with the same (now stale) buffer.

Both transaction and log contexts acquire a bli reference. If the
transaction has already invalidated the buffer by the time the I/O
error occurs and ends up aborting due to shutdown, the transaction
and log hold the last two references to a stale bli. If the
transaction cancel occurs first, it treats the buffer as non-stale
due to the aborted state: the bli reference is dropped and the
buffer is released/unlocked. The log buffer I/O error handling
eventually calls into xfs_buf_item_unpin(), drops the final
reference to the bli and treats it as stale. The buffer wasn't left
locked by xfs_buf_item_unlock(), however, so the assert fails and
the buffer is double unlocked. The latter problem is mitigated by
the fact that the fs is shutdown and no further damage is possible.

->iop_unlock() of an invalidated buffer should behave consistently
with respect to the bli refcount, regardless of aborted state. If
the refcount remains elevated on commit, we know the bli is awaiting
an unpin (since it can't be in another transaction) and will be
handled appropriately on log buffer completion. If the final bli
reference of an invalidated buffer is dropped in ->iop_unlock(), we
can assume the transaction has aborted because invalidation implies
a dirty transaction. In the non-abort case, the log would have
acquired a bli reference in ->iop_pin() and prevented bli release at
->iop_unlock() time. In the abort case the item must be freed and
buffer unlocked because it wasn't pinned by the log.

Rework xfs_buf_item_unlock() to simplify the currently circuitous
and duplicate logic and leave invalidated buffers locked based on
bli refcount, regardless of aborted state. This ensures that a
pinned, stale buffer is always found locked when eventually
unpinned.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <david@fromorbit.com>

