genirq: generic chip: Add irq_gc_mask_disable_and_ack_set()

The irq_gc_mask_disable_reg_and_ack() function name implies that it
provides the combined functions of irq_gc_mask_disable_reg() and
irq_gc_ack().  However, the implementation does not actually do
that since it writes the mask instead of the disable register. It
also does not maintain the mask cache which makes it inappropriate
to use with other masking functions.

In addition, commit 659fb32d1b67 ("genirq: replace irq_gc_ack() with
{set,clr}_bit variants (fwd)") effectively renamed irq_gc_ack() to
irq_gc_ack_set_bit() so this function probably should have also been
renamed at that time.

The generic chip code currently provides three functions for use
with the irq_mask member of the irq_chip structure and two functions
for use with the irq_ack member of the irq_chip structure. These
functions could be combined into six functions for use with the
irq_mask_ack member of the irq_chip structure.  However, since only
one of the combinations is currently used, only the function
irq_gc_mask_disable_and_ack_set() is added by this commit.

The '_reg' and '_bit' portions of the base function name were left
out of the new combined function name in an attempt to keep the
function name length manageable with the 80 character source code
line length while still allowing the distinct aspects of each
combination to be captured by the name.

If other combinations are desired in the future please add them to
the irq generic chip library at that time.

Signed-off-by: Doug Berger <opendmb@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Marc Zyngier <marc.zyngier@arm.com>

