block, bfq: correctly charge and reset entity service in all cases

BFQ schedules entities (which represent either per-process queues or
groups of queues) as a function of their timestamps. In particular, as
a function of their (virtual) finish times. The finish time of an
entity is computed as a function of the budget assigned to the entity,
assuming, tentatively, that the entity, once in service, will receive
an amount of service equal to its budget. Then, when the entity is
expired because it finishes to be served, this finish time is updated
as a function of the actual service received by the entity. This
allows the entity to be correctly charged with only the service
received, and then to be correctly re-scheduled.

Yet an entity may receive service also while not being the entity in
service (in the scheduling environment of its parent entity), for
several reasons. If the entity remains with no backlog while receiving
this 'unofficial' service, then it is expired. Also on such an
expiration, the finish time of the entity should be updated to account
for only the service actually received by the entity. Unfortunately,
such an update is not performed for an entity expiring without being
the entity in service.

In a similar vein, the service counter of the entity in service is
reset when the entity is expired, to be ready to be used for next
service cycle. This reset too should be performed also in case an
entity is expired because it remains empty after receiving service
while not being the entity in service. But in this case the reset is
not performed.

This commit performs the above update of the finish time and reset of
the service received, also for an entity expiring while not being the
entity in service.

Signed-off-by: Paolo Valente <paolo.valente@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Jens Axboe <axboe@kernel.dk>

