ARM: 8076/1: mm: add support for HW coherent systems in PL310 cache

When a PL310 cache is used on a system that provides hardware
coherency, the outer cache sync operation is useless, and can be
skipped. Moreover, on some systems, it is harmful as it causes
deadlocks between the Marvell coherency mechanism, the Marvell PCIe
controller and the Cortex-A9.

To avoid this, this commit introduces a new Device Tree property
'arm,io-coherent' for the L2 cache controller node, valid only for the
PL310 cache. It identifies the usage of the PL310 cache in an I/O
coherent configuration. Internally, it makes the driver disable the
outer cache sync operation.

Note that technically speaking, a fully coherent system wouldn't
require any of the other .outer_cache operations. However, in
practice, when booting secondary CPUs, these are not yet coherent, and
therefore a set of cache maintenance operations are necessary at this
point. This explains why we keep the other .outer_cache operations and
only ->sync is disabled.

While in theory any write to a PL310 register could cause the
deadlock, in practice, disabling ->sync is sufficient to workaround
the deadlock, since the other cache maintenance operations are only
used in very specific situations.

Contrary to previous versions of this patch, this new version does not
simply NULL-ify the ->sync member, because the l2c_init_data
structures are now 'const' and therefore cannot be modified, which is
a good thing. Therefore, this patch introduces a separate
l2c_init_data instance, called of_l2c310_coherent_data.

Signed-off-by: Thomas Petazzoni <thomas.petazzoni@free-electrons.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

