fbdev/ps3fb: Fix section mismatch warning for ps3fb_probe

While cross-building for PPC64 I've got

WARNING: drivers/video/built-in.o(.text+0x9f9ca): Section mismatch in
reference from the function .ps3fb_probe() to th e variable
.init.data:ps3fb_fix The function .ps3fb_probe() references the
variable __initdata ps3fb_fix.  This is often because .ps3fb_probe
lacks a __initdata annotation or the annotation of ps3fb_fix is wrong.

WARNING: drivers/video/built-in.o(.text+0x9f9d2): Section mismatch in
reference from the function .ps3fb_probe() to the variable
.init.data:ps3fb_fix The function .ps3fb_probe() references the
variable __initdata ps3fb_fix.  This is often because .ps3fb_probe
lacks a __initdata annotation or the annotation of ps3fb_fix is wrong.

WARNING: drivers/built-in.o(.text+0xe222a): Section mismatch in
reference from the function .ps3fb_probe() to the variable
.init.data:ps3fb_fix The function .ps3fb_probe() references the
variable __initdata ps3fb_fix.  This is often because .ps3fb_probe
lacks a __initdata annotation or the annotation of ps3fb_fix is wrong.

WARNING: drivers/built-in.o(.text+0xe2232): Section mismatch in
reference from the function .ps3fb_probe() to the variable
.init.data:ps3fb_fix The function .ps3fb_probe() references the
variable __initdata ps3fb_fix.  This is often because .ps3fb_probe
lacks a __initdata annotation or the annotation of ps3fb_fix is wrong.

WARNING: vmlinux.o(.text+0x561d4a): Section mismatch in reference from
the function .ps3fb_probe() to the variable .init.data:ps3fb_fix The
function .ps3fb_probe() references the variable __initdata ps3fb_fix.
This is often because .ps3fb_probe lacks a __initdata annotation or
the annotation of ps3fb_fix is wrong.

Mismatch was introduced with 48c68c4f "Drivers: video: remove __dev*
attributes."

Remove __init data annotation from ps3fb_fix.

Signed-off-by: Vladimir Murzin <murzin.v@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Benjamin Herrenschmidt <benh@kernel.crashing.org>

