xfs: log the inode on directory sf to block format change

When a directory changes from shortform (sf) to block format, the sf
format is copied to a temporary buffer, the inode format is modified
and the updated format filled with the dentries from the temporary
buffer. If the inode format is modified and attempt to grow the
inode fails (due to I/O error, for example), it is possible to
return an error while leaving the directory in an inconsistent state
and with an otherwise clean transaction. This results in corruption
of the associated directory and leads to xfs_dabuf_map() errors as
subsequent lookups cannot accurately determine the format of the
directory. This problem is reproduced occasionally by generic/475.

The fundamental problem is that xfs_dir2_sf_to_block() changes the
on-disk inode format without logging the inode. The inode is
eventually logged by the bmapi layer in the common case, but error
checking introduces the possibility of failing the high level
request before this happens.

Update both of the dir2 and attr callers of
xfs_bmap_local_to_extents_empty() to log the inode core as
consistent with the bmap local to extent format change codepath.
This ensures that any subsequent errors after the format has changed
cause the transaction to abort.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Reviewed-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>
Signed-off-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>

